mochi/README.md, before:

# mochi
Anki flashcard template based on the flashcard app - Mochi

## Features
- Minimal: Minimises distractions without affecting important elements of the card.
- Responsive design: Works on both Anki (desktop) and AnkiDroid (Android)
- Dark theme: Easy on the eyes for the night-owls.
- Fully customizable: CSS variables for reusability and maintenance.
- Tags: for quck context

## Instructions
### Direct download (quick and easy)
1. Download the [demo deck](https://github.com/pranavdeshai23/anki-templates/blob/main/mochi/anki-mochi.apkg)
2. The new note type (`demo-mochi-cloze`) should be created automatically
3. Use the note type as it is or clone it to suit your needs

### Manual method (if you don't like downloading stuff online)
1. Create a new note type
2. Rename the `Back Extra` field to `Extra` (as this is the field name used in the template)
3. Copy the contents of `front.html` and `back.html` into the front and back templates of the note (Can be accessed by clicking on `Cards` when in browser mode)
4. Copy the contents of `style.css` into the styling section of the note
5. You can now use the new note type in your collection

## Requirements
- Anki 2.1 or higher (2.1.x) is required for CSS flexbox to render properly
- No addons required ([WebView inspector addon](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/31746032) is recommended for debugging and customizing)

Commit message:

Added support for basic note type

mochi/README.md, after:

# mochi
Anki flashcard template based on the flashcard app - Mochi

## Features
- **Minimal**: Minimises distractions without affecting important elements of the card
- **Responsive design**: Works on both Anki 2.1+ (desktop) and AnkiDroid (Android)
- **Dark theme**: Easy on the eyes for the night-owls
- **Fully customizable**: CSS variables for reusability and maintenance
- **Tags**: for quick context
- **Includes [basic](./mochi-basic) and [cloze](./mochi-cloze) note types**

## Instructions
### Direct download (quick and easy)
1. Download the demo deck (`mochi-basic` or `mochi-cloze` in the respective sub-folders)
2. The new note type (`demo-mochi-...`) should be created automatically
3. Use the note type as it is or _clone_ it to suit your needs

### Manual method (if you don't like downloading stuff online)
1. Create a new note type
2. Copy the contents of `front.html` and `back.html` into the front and back templates of the note (Can be accessed by clicking on `Cards` when in browser mode)
> **Note**: For cloze notes, you have to rename the field `Back Extra` to `Extra` (this is the field name used in the template because it's simpler)
3. Copy the contents of `style.css` into the styling section of the note
4. You can now use the new note type in your collection

## Requirements
- Anki 2.1 or higher (2.1.x) is required for CSS flexbox to render properly
- No addons required ([WebView inspector addon](https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/31746032) is recommended for debugging and customizing)
